in the seventh year of Jehu joash became
King and he reigned 40 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
of Beersheba
joash did what was right in the sight of
the Lord all the days in which jehoiada
the priest instructed him but the high
places were not taken away the people
still sacrificed and burned incense on
the high places and joash said to the
priests all the money of the dedicated
gifts that are brought into the house of
the Lord
each man census money each man's
assessment money and all the money that
a man purposes in his heart to bring
into the house of the Lord but the
priests take it themselves each from his
constituency and let them repair the
damages of the temple wherever any
dilapidation is found now it was so by
the 23rd year of King joash that the
priests had not repaired the damages of
the temple
so King joash called jehoiada the priest
and the other priests why have you not
repaired the damages of the temple now
therefore do not take more money from
your constituency but deliver it for
repairing the damages of the temple and
the priests agreed that they would
neither receive more money from the
people nor repair the damages of the
temple then jehoiada the priest took a
chest or a hole in its lid and set it
beside the altar on the right side as
one comes into the house of the Lord and
the priests who kept the door put there
all the money brought into the house of
the Lord so it was whenever they saw
that there was much money in the chest
that the Kings scribe and the high
priest came up and put it in bags and
counted the money that was found in the
house of the Lord then they gave the
money which had been apportioned into
the hands of those who did the work who
had the oversight of the house of the
Lord
and they paid it on to the carpenters
and builders who worked on the house of
the Lord and to masons and stone cutters
and for buying timber and hewn stone to
repair the damage of the house of the
Lord and for all that was paid out to
repair the temple however they were not
made for the house of the Lord
basins of silver trimmers sprinkling
bones
trumpets any articles of gold or
articles of silver from the money
brought into the house of the Lord but
they gave that to the workmen and they
repaired the house of the Lord with it
moreover they did not require an account
from the men into whose hand they
delivered the money to be paid to work
them for they dealt faithfully the money
from the trespass offerings and the
money from the sin offerings was not
brought into the house of the law
it belonged to the priests has a king of
Syria went up and fought against Gath
and took it then has al set his face to
go up to Jerusalem
and joash king of judah took all the
sacred things that his father's
jehosophat and jihad room and a huzzah
kings of judah had dedicated and his own
sacred things and all the gold found in
the Treasuries of the house of the lord
and in the king's house and sent them to
has al king of syria then he went away
from Jerusalem now the rest of the acts
of joash and all that he did are they
not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of judah and his
servants arose and formed a conspiracy
and killed Jewish in the house of Miller
which goes down to Silla for Joseph the
son of Shem EF and G has Abed the son of
showman his servants struck him
so he died and they buried him with his
father's in the City of David then a
messiah his son reigned in his place
[Music]
you